OSDOCS#10143: Updating that SA API token secrets are no longer automa… (#75196)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-pods-secrets-creating-sa.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nodes-pods-secrets-creating-sa_{context}"]
= Creating a legacy service account token secret

As an administrator, you can create a legacy service account token secret, which allows you to distribute a service account token to applications that must authenticate to the API.

[WARNING]
====

> It is recommended to obtain bound service account tokens using the TokenRequest API instead of using legacy service account token secrets. You should create a service account token secret only if you cannot use the TokenRequest API and if the security exposure of a non-expiring token in a readable API object is acceptable to you.

Reviewer: I don't think this is an exception to the [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-prefixes#hyphens) on prefixed hyphens 
```suggestion
It is recommended to obtain bound service account tokens using the TokenRequest API instead of using legacy service account token secrets. You should create a service account token secret only if you cannot use the TokenRequest API and if the security exposure of a nonexpiring token in a readable API object is acceptable to you.
```

Author: Good point. I don't see a definitive entry for this anywhere, or anywhere else that it's used in the repo, so I'll change it to remove the hyphen to follow ISG.
